is
very good to all and welcome from
new to guarantees on this occasion
I bring a tutorial news or as
you want to call about the emblems of
call of duty cash advance warfare is worth and
I fixed myself and I was reading out there that
every time you pass prestige the
Emblems that you have created for yours
business card are lost are deleted
you do not know why and you do not know if
they will solve with the new
update that you are going to get
game or not however I have found
a way to recover the emblems and
not having to do them again is a
real pain in the ass
alright let's go we're going right now down
on the right you will have a succession of
images of what it would be like in the
application of the mobile tool
you download them and enter it in
that application you have an editor of
emblems
to obviously edit the emblems or
to make them directly on the mobile
you can make emblems from the mobile is
a little common because it 's very there but
good
what are we going to recover our
emblems vouchers enter the editor of
emblems and there you will have two parts
Differentiated vouchers
you will have the tab of active emblems
which will be elevated to the player in
the government declared
and my gallery well in my gallery should
appear the emblem with the emblems that
you have created in the console that is not
they should have deleted it from there if not
exist you have to go out and enter several
times of the application or edit a
blank space and then go back
so that until it leaves minoves it went out to
the first one but I was testing was
touching a little bit and at the end
the batman emblem ended
it's worth once 3 my gallery
click on the emblem to
edit it several will exit the interface
edition and what you have to do is
move the emblem a little towards the
left to the right or what
you want or move it and then go back to
original site and save the options
up on the right and you apply
to the player when it applies when
when you give him
will tell you that if you want to overwrite it
If you change in the emblem and in
theory once that happens that should be put
the emblem on the emblems tab
assets in the emblem part of
player
but the same process goes out and comes in and
edited through the emblem until
you go up there is worth once what
you have up there in player emblem
you give him and he will leave you to leave an emblem and
save emblems of ages to save
and in theory you should not have it again
back on the console if it does not come to the
first in the multiplayer come out and
enter the game or leave and enter the
Multiplayer is worth it until it comes out
the only way I've found of
recover the emblems and not have to
to do them again and nothing I hope you
serve
do not vote and see you in the
next chapter of the chao guide